So we need angular the framework so that we're actually able to create our first app.
I will use NPM to install it and I will store all these packages as production dependencies.
Why a D dash dash save command.
Now we need a couple of packages.
We need angular core.
We need angular common.
We need angular compiler.
We need angular compilers sealife we're all flying compilation.
We need angular forms.
We need angular HTB we need a singular platform browser.
We need a singular platform browser dynamic and you can find all these packages of course in the package
adjacent fall of your A C live project.
We need a singular platform server if you want to run some server side code with angular Universal which
I won't cover here though.
We need a regular router and potentially alter aler upgrade.
I'm just going to install them all here now with that we've got a lot of things installed.
Now let's hit enter and NPM will download them at the dependencies in the packet as a file and stored
the downloaded files in the node Mark Shields folder.
So now it is finished we can see the package start Jason follow ups this file here that we installed
quite a lot of dependencies here but we still missing a couple of core dependencies.
Dad would be again with NPM installed Ashtar save as production dependencies on X chips which is needed
for observables so for HGP for example.
So not geas which is used for change detection by angular and chorded Cheras which is a poll useful
so that it runs in on all browsers basically.
So it again hit enter so that these packages are also downloaded and added to the package to adjacent
file.
And now with that we have everything we should need to create or angular app..
So let's do that in the next lecture.